#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via django
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
django==4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
django-environ==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==23.2
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
drf-spectacular==0.26.2
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via pytest
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-factoryboy
faker==18.9.0
    # via factory-boy
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   pytest-factoryboy
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via drf-spectacular
packaging==23.1
    # via pytest
pillow==9.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
psycopg2-binary==2.9.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-factoryboy
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-factoryboy==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via faker
pytz==2023.3
    # via djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0
    # via drf-spectacular
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
typing-extensions==4.6.2
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   pytest-factoryboy
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
